docs: Update consul-dataplane docs for post-beta (#15177)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/connect/proxies/envoy.mdx

## Bootstrap Configuration

Envoy requires an initial bootstrap configuration file that is created in one of the two following
ways:

> - When using a Consul Client agent, the easiest way to create the Envoy bootstrap configuration is
>   using the [`consul connect envoy` command](/commands/connect/envoy). The command can either output
>   the bootstrap configuration directly to stdout, or generate the configuration and issue an `exec`
>   command to the Envoy binary as a convenience wrapper. For more information about using `exec` to
>   bootstrap Envoy, refer to [Exec Security
>   Details](/consul/commands/connect/envoy#exec-security-details).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Generate the bootstrap file on the Consul CLI

Connect to a local Consul client agent and run the [`consul connect envoy` command](/commands/connect/envoy) to create the Envoy bootstrap configuration. The command either outputs the bootstrap configuration directly to stdout or generates the configuration and issues an `exec` command to the Envoy binary as a convenience wrapper. For more information about using `exec` to bootstrap Envoy, refer to [Exec Security Details](/consul/commands/connect/envoy#exec-security-details).
```
Ignore if you disagree, but I think these work better as subtopics than as bullet items because 1) it makes for a fairly large bullet and 2) it segments the information a little more clearly.

## Bootstrap Configuration

Envoy requires an initial bootstrap configuration file. You can either create the file manually using the Consul command line or configure Consul Dataplane to generate the file.

### Generate the bootstrap file on the Consul CLI

Connect to a local Consul client agent and run the [`consul connect envoy` command](/commands/connect/envoy) to create the Envoy bootstrap configuration. The command either outputs the bootstrap configuration directly to stdout or generates the configuration and issues an `exec` command to the Envoy binary as a convenience wrapper. For more information about using `exec` to bootstrap Envoy, refer to [Exec Security Details](/consul/commands/connect/envoy#exec-security-details).

### Generate the bootstrap file from Consul Dataplane

> Consul Dataplane automatically configures and manages an Envoy process. Consul Dataplane generates the Envoy bootstrap configuration file prior to starting Envoy. To configure how Consul Dataplane starts Envoy, refer to the [Consul Dataplane CLI reference](/docs/connect/dataplane/consul-dataplane).

Author: I reworded this a little, to clarify that Consul Dataplane takes care of configuring Envoy for you.

The heading ("Generate the bootstrap file from Consul Dataplane") is slightly mismatched with the actual behavior, but I do like that the heading will attract readers trying to figure out how to configure Envoy when they are using Consul Dataplane, and will be directed to the right place.

### Control bootstrap configuration from proxy configuration

> Consul service mesh can control some parts of the bootstrap configuration by specifying Envoy proxy configuration options.

Author: I also trimmed away some of the wording here. And dropped the "supported since Consul 1.5.0" which is so many versions ago that it should no longer be relevant (also, the versioned docs up to 1.13.x will still contain that text for people looking for documentation on a very old version of consul).
